CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/flex-shrink/index.md

> ## Values

Reviewer: This section needs to be moved before "Description"
```suggestion
### Values
```

> This property is specified as one `<number>` value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as the following value:
```
